---
title: 'Committees'
date: '2020-09-22T22:12:03.284Z'
path: '/PMW2021/'
type: PMW2021
---

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Background and goals</div>

In recent times, privacy is facing new previously unseen challenges, as demand for quality personal data is greater than ever before. For example, due to covid-19 pandemic, huge volumes of personal data are continuously collected worldwide, raising privacy concerns in general public. In healthcare and financial sectors, situation is similar, as large volumes of personal data are needed for research and day-to-day operations. Other industries and areas of life are facing similar challenges.

Legal frameworks are constantly changing to address privacy issues, making it difficult for the industry to keep up. Without a clear understanding of what their legal obligations are and what they can and cannot do with their business data, industry might not always be able to identify the challenges they are facing in the privacy arena and make the best use of their data.

Although various privacy protection techniques and solutions exist in the academic world, there is a lack of trained privacy specialists in the industry domain. What is missing is the collaboration platforms where industry can clarify their legal obligations, express their needs and work together with academia to find solutions that would allow them to exploit their business data while at the same time fulfilling privacy requirements. 

One of the goals of this workshop is to bridge the gap between academia and industry by initiating an International Privacy Network (IPN) as a platform for sharing information, exchanging ideas and fostering collaboration between academic, government and industry stakeholders. The IPN will be instigated through dissemination of scientific research papers, industry white papers and case studies, in the form of presentations and publications. In addition, social events will be organized to facilitate the launch of the IPN.

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Submission Guidelines</div>

All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal or conference. The following paper categories are welcome:

- **Research papers** describing novel solutions, as well as review papers;
- **Industry papers** describing problems faced by companies and organisation in privacy arena, as well as case studies; industry papers must have at least one author with industry affiliation.

**Paper Length**: Full papers (6-8 pages) or Short papers (4-5 pages)

**Paper Format**: All submissions must be in comply with the <a style="color: black;text-decoration: underline;" href="http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html"><i>IEEE-Computer Society Conference format</i></a> and must be in PDF.

**Submission link**: <i><u>https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=pmw2021</u></i>

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">List of Topics</div>

- Usable privacy
- Privacy and consent
- Privacy by design
- Privacy and identity management
- Privacy in healthcare, banking and insurance
- Privacy preserving data mining and machine learning
- Privacy in mobile applications
- Privacy enhancing technologies
- Transparency-enhancing technologies
- Economics of privacy
- Pandemics and privacy
- Privacy evaluation

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Important dates</div>

- Workshop paper submission: 18 June 2021
- Workshop papers acceptance notification: 16 July 2021
- Workshop camera-ready papers due: 30 July 2021
- Author registration: 30 July 2021
- Workshops sessions: 25 October 2020

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Program Committee</div>

- Ljiljana Brankovic [Co-Chair] (The University of Newcastle)
- Shan Chen [Co-Chair] (The University of Newcastle)
- Pino Caballero-Gil (DEIOC, University of La Laguna)
- Nan Li (The University of Newcastle)
- Giovanni Livraga (University of Milan)
- Zoran Milosevic (Griffith University)
- Lawrence Ong (The University of Newcastle)
- Milan Petkovic (Philips Research Laboratories)
- Ibo van de Poel (Delft University of Technology)
- Francesc Sebe (Universitat de Lleida)
- Jennifer Seberry (Unviersity of Wollongong)
- Udaya Tupakula (The University of Newcastle)
- Vijay Varadharajan (The University of Newcastle)

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Organising Committee</div>

- Ljiljana Brankovic (The University of Newcastle)
- Shan Chen (The University of Newcastle)
- Nan Li (The University of Newcastle)

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Publication</div>

Research papers will be published in the workshop proceedings by the IEEE Computer Society. Industry contributions will be published within a joint white paper.

All accepted papers must be presented at the workshop and at least one author must register.

<div style="font-size:16pt;font-weight: bold;margin-bottom: 10pt">Venue</div>

The conference will be held in conjunction with the 25th IEEE International EDOC Conference (EDOC 2021), in Gold Coast Australia.
